# credit-risk-classification-1-
Module_20_Challenge
I made a New repository called credit-risk-classification, I cloned the repository to the computer. I created a folder Credit_Risk inside the repository. Then, I added the credit_risk_classification.ipynb and lending_data.csv in the Credit_Risk folder. I pushed the changes to Github. I split the training and testing sets. I created a Logistic regression model with the original data. I wrote an analysis report on the Credit RIsk. I read the lending_data.csv data from the Resources folder into a Pandas dataframe. I created a labels set (y) from the "loan_status" column and created the features (x) Dataframe from the remaining column. I also split the data into training and testing datasets by using the train_test_split. I fit a logistic regression model by using the training data (X_train and y_train) I saved the predictions for the testing data labels by using the testing feature data (X_test) and the fitted model. I evaluated the model's performance by generating a confusion matrix and printed the classification report. I answered the question - how well does the logistic regression model predict both the 0 (healthy-loan) and 1 (high-risk loan) labels. I made a Credit Risk Analysis Report which included a summary and analysis of the performance of the machine learning models. I used the Starter_code.zip as the template of my analysis. I included an overview of the analysis that explained the overview of the analysis. I made the results part using a bulleted list, described the accuracy score, the prediction score, and recalled the score of the machine learning model. I also summarized the results from the machine learning model, included my justification for recommending the model for use by the company. 
